Let's go over this question about the brain reflex. We work on those reflexes, and you remember that
you have about, I said 28 because we don't count some reflexes that are left, right, up, down.
You can have to 40 reflex at birth that are active for survival. The first one that we know,
but you may start earlier, is the fear paralysis reflex, which is an equivalent of a frozen
response. We feel the baby touching the wall of the uterus between five and seven weeks
in trial uterus. And most of those reflexes, we see them integrate three months, six months,
some stay up to three years. But if you go to school today and you test seven years old,
nine years old, 15 years old, you feel that they have a lot of reflex not integrated steel. And
that is going to create a lot of problems. And sometimes I describe this as a tadpole that needs
their tail in water to be able to move. But once a tadpole turn into a frog,
you don't want your tail when it's time to jump. You need to have those two to regress,
not be active anymore. And unfortunately, when your reflex is still active, after six months or
after three years, depending on the reflex, it creates a lot of problems. One of them is learning
and it could be balance posture, memory, math problem, all kinds of things, including emotional
problem, postural, mental, emotional, even spiritual problem. So it's really something and
many team look into it, but the main treatment are movement. So there's one called the grasping
reflex. You still grasp. And if you do movement like that, once or twice a day for six months before
you inhibit the reflex, it makes the parents so tired of doing it every day that kids are so
sick of it. It takes a long time. It takes a few months up to six months. So it's very long.
So we find a way to gently being able to inhibit those reflexes. We have those reflexes that also
come back, especially after a trauma, emotional trauma in adults. So when you see someone that's
very nice and very balanced and very polite, put in a stressful situation, and you have seen that
all of you, someone that regress begin to be like, begin to be an animal. In the worst case,
when you have this, you regress in the hierarchy of your nervous system. And most probably,
you reactivate one of those primary reflex, rather than use a sophisticated behavior,
a location, talk, and movement, you're going to go back into a very primitive way. Whatever you
regress into, you most probably have one of those neonatal reflex or perinatal reflex that are
reactivated. So they can reactivate emotionally or there's a stress, there's a fire, but they can
also happen if you have a stroke, if you have Parkinson's, dementia, brain cancer, something
like this. So it happened in adults, and especially when you see people in old age bent in half,
that's a reflex that come back. Sometimes if you go to your grandpa, they begin to like to put a lot
of things in their mouth, sucking reflex, they grab your hand, they don't let go, grasping reflex,
you need to re-inhibit them at some point with aging. And especially if you had some pathologies
described here in the slides. In kids, it's an enormous amount of problem that can happen to them,
and you often discover them when they have school problem, learning problem. And you have a list
here from sensory disorder, trauma, PTSD, CP, ASD, autism, ADHD, ADHD. So any kind of problem
at mass focus, concentration, writing problem, vestibular balance problem, posterior problem,
social skills, they can be really isolated in their tower, they can be really aggressive, dyslexia,
dyscalculia, dysgraphia, dyspraxia, speech developmental disorder, auditory and visual processing,
autism, Downstream, etc. All those things going to tell you, wow, this is a red flag to use one
of those reflexes. So those reflexes become not integrated, not inhibited, we call that
retina reflex, all those were the synonyms. These reflexes are persistent in adults.
This there's a description I found somewhere of this and that reflex is in the brainstem,
this reflex in the medial axis, this reflex in the midbrain, this affects in the cortex,
but this is absolutely not what we find. This is not really scientific. Any reflex can be
searched anywhere in the central nervous system. This is one of the questions I see a lot. And
some would describe that, but that's absolutely not what we find when we test and palpate.
Because there's a theory, there's no imaging done on that, they're just an assumption. When you feel
with your hand and that's the benefit of feeding, you can really see what's happening. You don't feel
that at all. Any reflex can be stuck anywhere. That was a question, basically. I just went over
to give you an overview. This is brain reflex, brain neonatal reflex. And the treatment is very,
very gentle. Just type on YouTube, reflex and cheeky. And you could see us working with a lot
of reflex, see how gentle and how fast it is to treat with like six or eight videos on the brain.
Brain reflex is really, really fast.